docs: add usage and API design in README.md (#5)
asyncapi/optimizer: README.md

# optimizer
AsyncAPI offers many ways to reuse certain parts of the document like messages or schemas definitions or references to external files, not to even mention the traits. There is a need for a tool that can be plugged into any workflows and optimize documents that are generated from code, but not only.

## Usage

### Node.js

```typescript

> import { Optimizer } from '@asyncapi/optimizer';

Reviewer: You use the `Report` type below so you should also import it :)

```suggestion
import { Optimizer } from '@asyncapi/optimizer';
import type { Report } from '@asyncapi/optimizer';
```

            #full form is used, we can ref it to: #/components/schemas/sentAt
            sentAt:
              $ref: "#/components/schemas/sentAt"

  smartylighting/action/{streetlightId}/turn/on:
    parameters:
      streetlightId:
        $ref: "#/components/schemas/streetlightId"
    publish:
      operationId: turnOn
      traits:
        - bindings:
            kafka:
              clientId: my-app-id
      message:
        name: turnOnOff
        title: Turn on/off
        traits:
          - headers:
              type: object
              properties:
                my-app-header:
                  type: integer
                  minimum: 0
                  maximum: 100
        payload:
          type: object
          properties:
            sentAt:
              $ref: "#/components/schemas/sentAt"

components:
  parameters:
    streetlightId:
      schema:
      type: string
  schemas:
    #this schema is ref-ed in one channel and used full form in another. library should be able to identify and ref the second channel as well.
    sentAt:
      type: string
      format: date-time`
 */
```

## API

### Constructor

#### new Optimizer(document)

> `document` is a mandatory object that is parsed with `@asyncapi/parser`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`document` is a mandatory object which is the parsed AsyncAPI specification from `@asyncapi/parser`:
```

### Methods

#### getReport() : OptimizerReport
#### getOptimizedDocument([options]) : string
`options` is an OPTIONAL object that contains the following customizations:
* `rules`: using rules different optimization types can be enabled or disabled.
    * `reuseComponents` if set to true, optimizer will apply all of *reuseComponents* changes from report. (default: *false*)
    * `removeComponents` if set to true, optimizer will apply all of *removeComponents* changes from report. (default: *false*)

>     * `moveToComponents` if set to true, optimizer will apply all of *moveToComponents* changes from report. (default: *false*) 

Reviewer: In the https://github.com/asyncapi/optimizer/issues/4 issue you have set true as default value for `reuseComponents` and `moveToComponents`. Why you change it? I think that everything (by default) should be set to true.

Author: Sorry about that, I meant to make them true.😆
